Yo mama's so fat, I had to take a train and two busses just to get on her good side.
Yo mama's so fat, when she hauls ass, she has to make two trips.
Yo mama's so fat, a picture of her fell off the wall!
Yo mama's so fat, when I yell "Kool-Aid," she comes crashing through the wall.
Yo mama's so fat, people jog around her for exercise.
Yo mama's so fat and old that when God said "Let there be Light", he told her to move her fat butt out of the way.
Yo mama's so fat, at the zoo, the elephants started throwing her peanuts.
Yo mama's so fat, every time she wears high heels, she strikes oil.
Yo mama's so fat, she wakes up in sections.
Yo mama's so fat, her blood type is Ragu.
Yo mama's so fat, her college graduation picture was an aerial.
Yo mama's so fat, she looks like she's smuggling a Volkswagen.
Yo mama's so fat, her yearbook picture is an aerial.
Yo mama's so fat, when she put on some BVD's by the time they reached her waist they spelled "BouleVarD."
Yo mama's so fat, when she auditioned for a part in "Indiana Jones," she got the part as the big rolling ball.
Yo mama's so fat, she goes to a restaurant, looks at the menu, and says "Okay."
Yo mama's so fat, when she brought her dress to the cleaners, they said "Sorry, we don't do curtains."
Yo mama's so fat, when she goes to a restaurant, she doesn't get a menu, she gets an estimate.
Yo mama's so fat, when she dances, she makes the band skip.
Yo mama's so fat, if she got her shoes shined, she'd have to take his word for it!
Yo mama's so fat, she's got Amtrak tattooed on her leg.
Yo mama's so fat, we got her in the drive-in free by dressing her as a Chevy.
Yo mama's so fat, she went on a light diet...  As soon as it's light she starts eating.
Yo mama's so fat, when she bends over we go into daylight savings time.
Yo mama's so fat, if she wears fishnet stockings, they'd better be 50 pound test!
Yo mama's so fat, the telephone company gave her two area codes.
Yo mama's so fat, when she turns around, people throw her a welcome back party.
Yo mama's so fat, she can't even jump to a conclusion.
Yo mama's so fat, if she weighed five more pounds, she could get group insurance!
Yo mama's so fat n black, she jumped in the ocean and they thought she was an oil spill.
Yo mama's so fat, the back of her neck looks like a pack of hot-dogs.
Yo mama's so fat, she broke her leg and gravy dripped out.
Yo mama's so fat, she bungee jumped and went straight to hell.
Yo mama's so fat, she stepped on a talking scale and it told her to "Get the fuck off."
Yo mama's so fat, when she takes a shower, her feet don't get wet.
Yo mama's so fat, she's got her own zip code.
Yo mama's so fat, she was floating in the ocean and Spain claimed her as a new world.
Yo mama's so fat, she went to the movies and sat next to everyone.
Yo mama's so fat, she can't reach her back pocket.
Yo mama's so fat, she can't wear Dazzey Dukes.  She has to wear Boss Hoggs.
Yo mama's so fat, she has to iron her pants on the driveway.
Yo mama's so fat, when she goes to a restaurant, she even orders "Thank You, Come Again."
Yo mama's so fat, she eats biscuits like tic tacs.
Yo mama's so fat, she fell in love and broke it.
Yo mama's so fat, when she swims, she leaves stretch marks on the swimming pool.
Yo mama's so fat, she gets clothes in three sizes: extra large, jumbo, and oh-my-god-it's-coming-towards-us!
Yo mama's so fat, she got hit by a truck and asked "Who threw that rock?"
Yo mama's so fat, she has to pull down her pants to get into her pockets.
Yo mama's so fat, she has more nooks and crannies than a Thomas' English Muffin.
Yo mama's so fat, she has to buy two airline tickets.
Yo mama's so fat, she influences the tides.
Yo mama's so fat, she has to grease her hands to get into her pockets.
Yo mama's so fat, she has two stomachs:  One for meat, one for vegetables.
Yo mama's so fat, the shadow of her ass weighs 50 pounds.
Yo mama's so fat, she jumped up in the air and got stuck.
Yo mama's so fat, she measures 36 24 36, and the other arm is just as big.
Yo mama's so fat, NASA orbits satellites around her.
Yo mama's so fat, she plays hopscotch like this: LA, Detroit, Chicago, NY.
Yo mama's so fat, she puts on her lipstick with a paint-roller.
Yo mama's so fat, she sat on the corner and the police came & said "break it up!"
Yo mama's so fat, she shows up on radar.
Yo mama's so fat, she stood in front of the Hollywood sign and it just said H d.
Yo mama's so fat, she tried to get an all-over tan, and the sun burned out.
Yo mama's so fat, she uses a hula hoop to hold up her socks.
Yo mama's so fat, she uses a mattress for a maxi-pad.
Yo mama's so fat, she uses a pillow case as a sock.
Yo mama's so fat, she wears a VCR for a beeper.
Yo mama's so fat, she went to a Chinese Restaurant and ordered a 40oz. of gravy.
Yo mama's so fat, she's on both sides of the family.
Yo mama's so fat, she can't tie her own shoes.
Yo mama's so fat, when I tried to drive around her, I ran out of gas.
Yo mama's so fat, the animals at the zoo feed her.
Yo mama's so fat, the highway patrol made her wear a "Caution! Wide Turn" sign.
Yo mama's so fat, they had to baptize her at Sea World.
Yo mama's so fat, they use the elastic in her underwear for bungee jumping.
Yo mama's so fat, she uses blanket as a washcloth.
Yo mama's so fat, when her beeper goes off, people thought she was backing up.
Yo mama's so fat, when she goes to the beach, little kids yell "Free Willy, Free Willy."
Yo mama's so fat, when she backs up she beeps.
Yo mama's so fat, when she bungee jumps, she brings down the bridge too.
Yo mama's so fat, they have to grease a door frame and hold a Twinkie on the other side to get her through.
Yo mama's so fat, when she fell over she rocked herself asleep trying to get up again.
Yo mama's so fat, when she gets on the scale it says to be continued.
Yo mama's so fat, they had to install speed bumps at the all-u-can-eat buffet.
Yo mama's so fat, when she sits around the house, she sits AROUND the house.
Yo mama's so fat, when she sits on my face I can't hear the stereo.
Yo mama's so fat, when she steps on a scale, it reads "One at a time, please."
Yo mama's so fat, when she wears a red dress people yell "Hey Kool-Aid Man."
Yo mama's so fat, when she wears a yellow raincoat in the rain, people call her "Taxi!"
Yo mama's so fat, when she went to the beach Greenpeace tried to drag her ass back in the water.
Yo mama's so fat, when the bitch goes to an all you can eat buffet, they have to install speed bumps.
Yo mama's so fat, when they used her underwear elastic for bungee jumping, they hit the ground.
Yo mama's so fat, you smell like bacon at 90 degrees.
Yo mama's so fat, when she travels, she's gotta make two trips.
Yo mama's so fat, when she was born, she gave the hospital stretch marks.
Yo mama's so big, her belly button's got an echo.
Yo mama's so big, she can't wear an X jacket cause helicopters kept landing on her back.
Yo mama's so big, she uses the interstate for a Slip `n Slide.
Yo mama's so big, when you climb on top of her your ears pop.
Yo mama's so big, that they had to change "One size fit's all" to "One size fits most"
Yo mama's so big, when she goes to the movie theater she sits next to everybody.
Yo mama's so big, when she went to the airport and said she wanted to fly they stamped Goodyear on her and sent her out to the runway.
Yo mama's so stupid, she spent twenty minutes lookin' at an orange juice box because it said `concentrate. 
Yo mama's so stupid, she has 1 toe & bought a pair of flip flops
Yo mama's so stupid, she put lipstick on her forehead because she wanted to makeup her mind.
Yo mama's so stupid, she put out the cigarette butt that was heating your house.
Yo mama's so stupid, she got stabbed in a shoot-out.
Yo mama's so stupid, she sat in a tree house because she wanted to be a branch manager.
Yo mama's so stupid, she tried to put M&M's in order.
Yo mama's so stupid, she sat on TV & watched the couch.
Yo mama's so stupid, she thought St. Ides was a Catholic church.
Yo mama's so stupid, she sent me a fax with a stamp on it.
Yo mama's so stupid, when she took you to the airport and a sign said "Airport Left," she turned around and went home.
Yo mama's so stupid, she put a ruler on her pillow to see how long she slept.
Yo mama's so stupid, she thought a quarterback was a refund.
Yo mama's so stupid, she was locked in a grocery store and starved to death.
Yo mama's so stupid, if you gave her a penny for her intelligence you'd get change.
Yo mama's so stupid, they had to burn the school down to get her out of 3rd grade.
Yo mama's so stupid, she took a spoon to the Super Bowl.
Yo mama's so stupid, she tried to mail a letter with food stamps.
Yo mama's so stupid, she tried to drown herself in a carpool.
Yo mama's so stupid, she thought a lawsuit was something you wear to court.
Yo mama's so stupid, she took the Pepsi challenge and chose Jif.
Yo mama's so stupid that under "Education" on her job application, she put "Hooked on Phonics."
Yo mama's so stupid, she cooked her own complimentary breakfast.
Yo mama's so stupid, she had Dan Quale check her spelling.
Yo mama's so stupid, she got hit by a cup and told the police that she got mugged.
Yo mama's so stupid, she thinks Johnny Cash is a pay toilet!
Yo mama's so stupid, she thinks socialism means partying!
Yo mama's so stupid, she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept.
Yo mama's so stupid, when asked on an application, "Sex?", she marked, "M, F, and sometimes Wednesday too."
Yo mama's so stupid, when she read on her job application to not write below the dotted line, she put "O.K."
Yo mama's so stupid, at bottom of application where it says Sign Here - she put Sagittarius.
Yo mama's so stupid, she got a part time job painting skittles.
Yo mama's so stupid, it takes her 2 hours to watch 60 Minutes.
Yo mama's so stupid, on her job application where it says emergency contact she put 911.
Yo mama's so stupid, she asked for a price check at the dollar store.
Yo mama's so stupid, if she spoke her mind, she'd be speechless.
Yo mama's so stupid when she asked me what kinda jeans I wore, I said Guess and she said "Ah Levis?"
Yo mama's so stupid, she jumped out the window and went up.
Yo mama's so stupid, she said "what's that letter after x" and I said Y she said "Cause I wanna know".
Yo mama's so stupid, she stands up on an empty bus.
Yo mama's so stupid, she studied for a blood test and failed.
Yo mama's so stupid, she died before the police arrived because she couldn't find the "11" button in "9-1-1"
Yo mama's so stupid, she thought Boyz2Men was a daycare center.
Yo mama's so stupid, she thought hamburger helper came with another person.
Yo mama's so stupid, she thought meow mix was a record for cats.
Yo mama's so stupid, she thought she needed a token to get on soul train.
Yo mama's so stupid, she thought the board of education was a piece of wood.
Yo mama's so stupid, she told everyone that she was "illegitiment" because she couldn't read.
Yo mama's so stupid, she go hit by a parked car.
Yo mama's so stupid, she sold the car for gas money.
Yo mama's so stupid, she went to a Clippers game to get a hair cut.
Yo mama's so stupid, she went to a Whalers game to see Shamu.
Yo mama's so stupid, when she saw the "NC-17 (Under 17 Not Admitted)" sign, she went home and got 16 friends.
Yo mama's so stupid, when your dad said it was chilly outside, she ran outside with a spoon.
Yo mama's so stupid, when she heard 90% of all crimes occur around the home, she moved.
Yo mama's so stupid, I saw her in the frozen food section with a fishing rod.
Yo mama's so stupid, I taught her how to do the running man and I haven't seen her since.
Yo mama's so stupid, she asked you "What is the number for 911".
Yo mama's so stupid, she bought a video camera to record cable TV shows at home.
Yo mama's so stupid, she thinks Taco Bell is where you pay your telephone bill.
Yo mama's so stupid, she got fired from the M&M factory for throwing away all the W's.
Yo mama's so stupid, when she went to take the 44 bus, she took the 22 twice instead.
Yo mama's so ugly,  when she joined an ugly contest, they said "Sorry, no professionals."
Yo mama's so ugly, her mom had to be drunk to breastfeed her.
Yo mama's so ugly, her face is closed on weekends!
Yo mama's so ugly, when she gets up, the sun goes down.
Yo mama's so ugly, roaches go "Hi mom!"
Yo mama's so ugly, her mama had to tie a steak around her neck to get the dog to play with her.
Yo mama's so ugly, her picture is on the inside of a Roach Motel.
Yo mama's so ugly, I took her to a haunted house and she came out with a job application.
Yo mama's so ugly, I took her to the zoo, guy at the door said "Thanks for bringing her back."
Yo mama's so ugly, instead of putting the bungee cord around her ankle, they put it around her neck.
Yo mama's so ugly, just after she was born, her mama said "What a treasure!" and her father said "Yes, let's go bury it."
Yo mama's so ugly, people go as her for Halloween.
Yo mama's so ugly, she can look up a camel's butt and scare the hump off of it.
Yo mama's so ugly, she could be the poster child for abortion/birth control!
Yo mama's so ugly, when I took her to a haunted house she came out with a paycheck.
Yo mama's so ugly, she could scare the chrome off a bumper!
Yo mama's so ugly, she could scare the moss off a rock!
Yo mama's so ugly, she has to trick or treat over the phone.
Yo mama's so ugly, when she looked out the window, she got arrested for mooning.
Yo mama's so ugly, she makes onions cry.
Yo mama's so ugly, she scares roaches away.
Yo mama's so ugly, she threw a boomerang and it wouldn't even come back.
Yo mama's so ugly, that if ugly were bricks she'd have her own projects.
Yo mama's so ugly, she gets 364 extra days to dress up for Halloween.
Yo mama's so ugly, it makes me wish birth control is retroactive.
Yo mama's so ugly, your father takes her to work just so he doesn't have to kiss her good-bye.
Yo mama's so ugly, when she was born, the doctor slapped her mama!
Yo mama's so ugly, when she was born the doctor smacked everyone.
Yo mama's so ugly, the doctor is still smacking her ass.
Yo mama's so ugly, when she was born, the doctor smacked the wrong end.
Yo mama's so ugly, the government moved Halloween to her birthday.
Yo mama's so ugly, the last time she heard a whistle was when she got hit by a train.
Yo mama's so ugly, the psychiatrist makes her lie face down.
Yo mama's so ugly, when two guys broke into her apartment, she yelled "rape" and they yelled "NO!"
Yo mama's so ugly, they didn't give her a costume when she tried out for Star Wars.
Yo mama's so ugly, they filmed "Gorillas in the Mist" in her shower.
Yo mama's so ugly, they push her face into dough to make gorilla cookies.
Yo mama's so ugly, they know what time she was born, because her face stopped the clock!
Yo mama's so ugly, they pay her to put her clothes on in strip joints.
Yo mama's so ugly, they put her face on box of Ex-Lax and sold it empty.
Yo mama's so ugly, when she passes by a bathroom the toilet flushes.
Yo mama's so ugly, when she was lying on the beach, the cat tried to bury her.
Yo mama's so ugly, when she walks in the kitchen, the rats jump on the table and start screaming.
Yo mama's so ugly, when she walks into a bank, they turn off the surveillance cameras.
Yo mama's so ugly, when she was born she was put in an incubator with tinted windows.
Yo mama's so ugly, when she was born, her mama saw the afterbirth and said "Twins."
Yo mama's so ugly, Yo dad first met her at the pound.
Yo mama's so ugly, you could stick her face in dough and make monster cookies.
Yo mama was such an ugly baby, her parents had to feed her with a slingshot.
When Yo mama was born they had to take her out of the trash can cause doctor said "Throw this shit away!"
Yo mama's so old, she owes Fred Flintstone a food stamp.
Yo mama's so old, I told her to act her age and the bitch died.
Yo mama's so old, Jurassic Park brought back memories.
Yo mama's so old, her social security number is 1.
Yo mama's so old, her birth-certificate expired.
Yo mama's so old, she ran track with dinosaurs.
Yo mama's so old, she has a picture of Jesus in her yearbook.
Yo mama's so old, she was a waitress at the last supper.
Yo mama's so old, she has a picture of Moses in her yearbook.
Yo mama's so old, she knew the Beetles when they were the New Kids on the Block.
Yo mama's so old, she owes Jesus a nickel.
Yo mama's so old, she owes Moses a quarter.
Yo mama's so old, she's got Jesus' beeper number.
Yo mama's so old, when she was in school there was no history class.
Yo mama's so old, when god said "let there be light" she was there to flick the switch.
Yo mama's so old, when Moses split the red sea, she was on the other side fishing.
Yo mama's so old, when she reads the bible she reminisces.
Yo mama's so old, she planted the first tree at Central Park.
Yo mama's so old, her birthday expired.
Yo mama's so old, she co-wrote the ten commandments.
Yo mama's so old, she farts out dust.
Yo mama's so old, she knew Burger King while he was still a prince.
Yo mama's so old, she used to baby-sit Jesus.
Yo mama's got a 4 dollar weave and don't know when to leave.
Yo mama's got 1 leg longer than other and they call her call her hip hop.
Yo mama's got 1 toe & 1 knee and they call her Tony.
Yo mama's got a bald head with a part and sideburns.
Yo mama's got a metal afro with rusty sideburns.
Yo mama's got a wooden leg with a kickstand on it.
Yo mama's got everything a man could want.
Yo mama's got a wooden leg with branches.
Yo mama's got an afro with a chin strap!
Yo mama's got hair on her tongue and she gargles with curl activator.
Yo mama's got more chins than a Chinese phone book.
Yo mama's got more crust than bucket of Kentucky Fried Chicken.
Yo mama's got more weave than a dog in traffic.
Yo mama's got no fingers talking bout how she wanted to be with the Pointer sisters.
Yo mama's got no fingers talking bout how she's gonna press charges.
Yo mama's got no legs and always talking about how she used to kick it.
Yo mama's got one ear, talking bout she wants to hear both sides of the story.
Yo mama's got no ears and was trying on sunglasses.
Yo mama's got one eye, one leg, one arm and one knee and they call her UNO.
Yo mama's got snakeskin teeth.
Yo mama's got so many gaps in her teeth it looks like piano keys.
Yo mama's got a glass eye with a fish in it.
Yo mama's got so many rings around belly she's gotta screw her underwear on.
Yo mama's got so many teeth missing, it looks like her tongue is in jail.
Yo mama's got so much hair under her arms, it looks like she's got Buckwheat in a headlock.
Yo mama's got three fingers and a banjo.
Yo mama's got three teeth... one in her mouth and two in her pocket.
Yo mama's got two wooden legs and one is one backward.
Yo mama ain't got no ears talkin' bout "I hear ya."
Yo mama ain't got no fingers talkin' bout "Oh snap."
Yo mama ain't got no legs talkin' bout how she's gonna run for president.
Yo mama ain't got no legs talkin' bout how she's running things.
Yo mama has one arm and swims in circles.
Yo mama has 10 fingers - all on the same hand.
Yo mama has 4 eyes and 2 pair of sunglasses.
Yo mama has a `fro with warning lights.
Yo mama has a short leg and walks in circles.
Yo mama has a wooden afro with an "X" carved in the back.
Yo mama has green hair and thinks she's a tree.
Yo mama has one ear and a burnt potato chip.
Yo mama has one ear and has to take off her hat to hear what you're saying.
Yo mama has one hand and a Clapper.
Yo mama has one leg and a bicycle.
Yo mama has one short arm and can't applaud.
Yo mama has so much hair on her upper lip, she braids it.
Yo mama's teeth are so rotten, when she smiles they look like dice.		
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow, she has to brush them with a butter knife.
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow, I can't believe it's not butter.
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow, she slows down traffic when she smiles.
Yo mama's so black, every time she gets in a car the oil light comes on.
Yo mama's so black, if she sat in a Jacuzzi the water would turn into coffee.
Yo mama's so black, she bleeds smoke.
Yo mama's so black, she drinks water and pees coffee.
Yo mama's so black, she can leave fingerprints on charcoal.
Yo mama's so black, she went to night school and was marked absent.
Yo mama's so black, that lightening bugs follow her in the daytime.
Yo mama's so black, when she puts lotion on her legs it looks like she has on leather pants.
Yo mama's so black, when the police shot at her the bullets came back for flashlights.
Yo mama's so black, when you go swimming it looks like an oil spill.
Yo mama's so black, when she eats a tootsie roll, she's gotta wear white gloves to keep from chewing her fingers off.
Yo mama's so black, if she had a red light she'd be a beeper.
Yo family's so black, when they hold hands, it looks like a stretch limo.
Yo mama's like a birthday cake, everybody gets a piece.
Yo mama's like a bowling ball, she always winds up in the gutter.
Yo mama's like a bowling ball, you can fit three fingers in.
Yo mama's like a bowling ball, she gets picked up, fingered, thrown down the gutter, and she still comes back for more.
Yo mama's like a bus, guys climb on and off her all day long.
Yo mama's like a bubble gum machine, 5 cents a blow.
Yo mama's like a Christmas tree, everybody hangs balls on her.
Yo mama's like a door knob, everybody gets a turn.
Yo mama's like Dominoes Pizza, something for nothing.
Yo mama's like a gas station...  you gotta pay before you pump.
Yo mama's like a goalie:  she changes her pads after three periods.
Yo mama's like a light switch, even a little kid can turn her on.
Yo mama's like a postage stamp, you lick her, stick her, then send her away.
Yo mama's like a race car driver...  she burns a lot of rubbers.
Yo mama's like a railroad track, she gets laid all over the country.
Yo mama's like a screen door, after a couple of bangs she loosens up.
Yo mama's like a shotgun, one cock and she blows.
Yo mama's like a Toyota, "OOooh what a feeling!"
Yo mama's like a TV, even a 2 year old could turn her on.
Yo mama's like a vacuum cleaner...  a real good suck.
Yo mama's like an ice cream cone...  everyone gets a lick.
Yo mama's like a refrigerator, everyone puts their meat in her.
Yo mama's like cake mix, 15 servings per package!
Yo mama's like Denny's... open 24 hours.
Yo mama's like McDonalds... Billions and Billions served.
Yo mama's like mustard, she spreads easy.
Yo mama's like the Pillsbury dough boy - everybody pokes her.
Yo mama's like a hardware store, 25 cents a screw.
Yo mama's arms are so short, she has to tilt her head to scratch her ear.
Yo mama's breath is so stank, we don't know whether she needs gum or toilet paper.
Yo mama's breath is so stank, when she exhales her teeth have to duck.
Yo mama's breath is so stank, eats odor eaters.
Yo mama's butt is so bony, she put her drawers on and cut them in two.
Yo mama's butt is so big, it looks like 2 pigs fighting over milk duds.
Yo mama's feet so big, her sneakers need license plates.
Yo mama's forehead's so big, you could show slides on it.
Yo mama's mouth is so big, she speaks in surround sound.
Yo mama's gums are so black, she spits Chocolate Milk
Yo mama's gums are so black, that she spits Yoo Hoo.
Yo mama's hair is so nappy, she has to take Tylenol just to comb it.
Yo mama's hair is nappier than a goats ass.
Yo mama's head is so big, she has to wash her hair at Niagara falls.
Yo mama's head is so big, it shows up on radar.
Yo mama's head is so big, she don't have dreams, she have movies.
Yo mama's head is so wrinkled, she has to screw her hat on.
Yo mama's head is so little, she could wear fruit loops as head rags.
Yo mama's head is so nappy, when she combs her hair her teeth bleed.
Yo mama's head is so small, she got her ear pierced and died.
Yo mama's hips are so big, people set their drinks on them.
Yo mama's legs are so hairy if she had fur coat & a banana they'd stick her back in the zoo.
Yo mama's lips are so big, that ChapStick had to invent a spray.
Yo mama's lips are so big, when you smile you wet your hair.
Yo mama's so dirty, she has to creep up on bath water.
Yo mama's so greasy, she sweats Crisco.
Yo mama's so greasy, she uses bacon as a band aid.
Yo mama's so greasy, when she slid into second she ended in Detroit.
Yo mama's so greasy, Texaco buys oil from her.
Yo mama's so hairy, Bigfoot took a picture of her.
Yo mama's so hairy, her armpits look like she has Don King in a headlock.
Yo mama's so hairy, she looks like a Chia pet with a sweater on.
Yo mama's so hairy, she has afros on her nipples.
Yo mama's so hairy, you almost died of rug burn at birth.
Yo mama's so hairy, she shaves with a weedwacker.
Yo mama's so nasty, she only changes her drawers once every 10000 miles.
Yo mama's so nasty, she went to a hair salon and told the stylist to cut her hair, then she opened up her blouse!!
Yo mama's so nasty, she puts ice down her drawers to keep the crabs fresh.
Yo mama's so nasty, she made Speed Stick slow down.
Yo mama's so nasty, she made Right Guard turn left.
Yo mama's so nasty, she went swimming and made the Dead Sea.
Yo mama's so nasty, I called her up for phone sex and she gave me an ear infection.
Yo mama's so nice she'd give me the hair off her back.
Yo mama smells so bad her Sure deodorant is confused and her Secret told on her.
Yo mama's so stank, she made Right Guard go left, Speed Stick slow down, and Ban come off strike.
Yo mama smells like hot ass on a cold day.
Yo mama's so stank, that her shit is glad to escape.
Yo mama's so stank, she's like Shaquille O'Neal, she don't fake the funk!!
Yo mama's so stanky, she gets sourdough yeast infections.
Yo mama's drawers are so funky, the roaches check in but they don't check out.
Yo mama's so poor, when I ring the doorbell she says "DING!"
Yo mama's so poor, when I saw her kicking a can down the street, I asked her what she was doing, she said "Moving."
Yo mama's so poor, she went to McDonald's and put a milkshake on layaway.
Yo mama's so poor, your TV got 2 channels: on and off.
Yo mama's so poor, they put her picture on food stamps.
Yo mama's so poor, she waves around a popsicle stick and calls it airconditioning.
Yo mama's so poor, she can't even afford to pay attention.
Yo mama's so poor, when she heard about the last supper, she thought she ran out of food stamps.
Yo mama's so poor, she goes to Kentucky Fried Chicken to lick other people's fingers.
Yo mama's so poor, she married young just to get the rice!
Yo mama's so poor, burglars break in and leave money.
Yo mama's so poor, the only time she smelled hot food was when a rich man farted!
Yo mama's so poor, when Yo family watches TV, they go to Sears.
Yo mama's so poor, she eats cereal with a fork to save milk.
Yo mama's so short, she has to cuff her underwear.
Yo mama's so short, she can play handball on the curb.
Yo mama's so short, she poses for trophies.
Yo mama's so short, she can do backflips under the bed.
Yo mama's so short, she needs a ladder to pick up a dime.
Yo mama's so short, you can see her feet on her driver's licencse.
Yo mama's so skinny, her nipples touch.
Yo mama's so skinny, she turned sideways and disappeared.
Yo mama's so skinny, I gave her a piece of popcorn and she went into a coma.
Yo mama's so skinny, if she had dreads I'd grab her by the ankles and use her to mop the floor.
Yo mama's so skinny, she swallowed a meatball and thought she was pregnant.
Yo mama's so skinny, she uses a Band-Aid as a maxi-pad.
Yo mama's so tall, she did a push-up and burned her back on the sun.
Yo mama's so tall, when she tripped over on 4th Ave, she landed on 12th.
Yo mama's so tall, if she did a back-flip she'd kick Jesus in the mouth.
Yo mama's so bald, her hair looks like stitches.
Yo mama's so bald, she curls her hair with rice.
Yo mama's so baldheaded, when she showers she gets brainwashed.
Yo mama's so bald, I can read her mind.
Yo mama's blind and seeing another man.
Yo mama's glasses are so thick, when she looks at a map, she can see people waving at her.
Yo mama's glasses are so thick she can see into the future.
Yo mama's car's so ugly, someone broke in just to steal The CLUB.
Yo mama wears knee-pads and calls out "Curb service."
Yo mama' so cross-eyed, when she has sex she thinks its a threesome.
Yo mama's a stunt double for the predator.
Yo mama's in a wheelchair talkin' bout "Stop pushing me around."
Yo mama's cross-eyed and watches TV in stereo.
Yo mama's house is so dusty the roaches ride around on dune buggies.
Yo mama's house is so small she can't even order a large pizza.
Yo mama's middle name is Rambo.
Yo mama's missing a finger and can't count past 9.
Yo mama's so backwards she sits on the TV and watches the couch.
Yo mama's so cheap, instead of buying a fire alarm, she hangs Jiffy Pop from the ceiling.
Yo mama's so clumsy, she got tangled up in a cordless phone.
Yo mama's so grouchy, the McDonalds she works in doesn't even serve Happy Meals.
Yo mama's so easy that when she heard Santa Claus say Ho Ho Ho she thought she was getting 	it three times.
Yo mama's such a whore that I could've been Yo daddy, but the guy in line behind me had the correct change.
Yo mama's twice the man you are.
Yo mama drives a peanut.
Yo mama said she liked seafood, so I gave her crabs.
Yo mama sets off car alarms when she runs.
Yo mama's twice the man You are.
Yo mama was born on Independence Day and can't remember her birthday.
Yo mama was in K-Mart with a box of Hefty bags.  I said, "What ya doin'?" She said, "Buying luggage."
Yo mama watches "The Three Stooges" and takes notes.
Yo mama waves around a popsickle stick and calls it air conditioning.
Yo mama wears a Nike tag on her weave so now everybody calls her Hair Jordan.
Yo mama's maxi pads are so thick, she could bend over and deflect bullets.
I just saw Yo mama walking down the hall with a mattress straped to her back asking for volunteers!
I saved Yo mama's life today... I killed a shit-eating dog on the way over.
I saw Yo mama at the freak show petting the world's largest turtle.
I saw Yo mama kicking a can down the street. I ask's what she was doing, and she said "Moving."
If my dog had a face as ugly as Yo mama's, I'd shave his ass and make him walk backwards.
The difference between Yo mama and 747: not everyone's been on a 747.
